[Music]
welcome to okay well that was pretty
horrific yeah let's break down American
Horror Story cold let's do it but Before
we jump into Episode four click
subscribe so you don't miss any of our
episode breakdowns on this show as well
as Rick and Morty channel zero and
coming soon mr. robot thanks everyone
for the support this episode is titled
11:9 I think it's our favorite episode
so far the whole season definitely I
agree with you warning guys obviously
there are spoilers head in clouds first
up a quick recap the episode flashes
back to the 2016 election which included
Ally's protest vote for Jill Stein hi
pumped some iron with his personal
trainer Harrison and medal loves to draw
clowns
these are really good we also learned
that winter and Ivy have met before the
persuasive Chi is planning world
domination which we already knew and
that Gary Longstreet belongs in a Saw
movie
okay let's dig a little deeper and talk
about the most important connections
that we made in this episode finally we
get some background on some key members
of the cult and learn that KY is at
least one of the masterminds behind it
all I still find it hard to believe that
he doesn't have anyone else in high
command with him
like we said earlier Harrison and KY met
at the gym and a key quote here is when
he noticed that Harrison was strong
enough to carry a dead body a necessity
for a killer Klown in his cult also it
didn't take much convincing from KY for
Harrison to kill his boss Vinnie now the
guy was a total meathead douche bag
[ __ ] whatever you want to call him
but he really didn't deserve to go out
that way did he medal watches way too
much Bravo TV to be any sort of informed
voter and she proved so when she writes
Oprah on her ballot yeah the only thing
we got out of that was really important
in that she's really good at making
clown masks I guess yeah KY loves her
designs she's a great artist maybe she
can be up on Etsy one day I'm sure we
also get some backstory on Beverly hope
one of the newscasters at the TV station
she flipped out over her treatment at
the station and some [ __ ] trolls
during her campaign coverage but after
an assist from KY and his killer Klowns
she becomes a loyal follower of his now
as KY says this is extremely important
for him because she is the literal voice
on TV giving out the news of the day to
the public this is the most important
part it's the media this is it he's got
to control that and you got everything
else right after that yeah
emma roberts returns but it was
short-lived the cool thing about
flashbacks and horror stories when you
get new characters involved you know
they're gone yes that was short-lived
yeah you knew what exactly was gonna
happen so long Vinny so long Serina bye
and quite possibly the biggest shocker
of the Episode IV knows winter so they
met at a rally after Gary sexually
assaulted ivy and after sharing a coffee
they teamed up and got some revenge on
Gary they tied him up in a basement
until the election was over or so they
thought now I had a big problem with
this III it was so out of character for
ivy to go along with this and physically
assault another I know he did a horrible
thing touching her at the rally but you
to go to those lengths it didn't seem
anything like something that she would
do there's more here I feel like that we
haven't seen just yet there's one more
story we got a lot of backstory but we
didn't get IVs that's the only one we
really do you think I might have gotten
to her before any of this happened yes I
have we didn't get her POV just yet I
feel like that's coming any day now
we're gonna get that pinky sort of scene
yes
and finally Gary Longstreet had his saw
moment Kai finds out we're winner and IV
tied him up and uses the opportunity to
recruit Gary Kai uses Gary's hatred of
the left to fuel him even further and
eventually cut his own arm off to get
out of the handcuffs and cast his vote
for Trump I loved it
uh I don't know why but just the last 15
minutes of the episode were so good just
because of the pace and you're thinking
how the [ __ ] does he lose his arm that's
all I kept thinking the last 15 minutes
like ya got it all the build-up at the
end there it was great it was pretty
damn tense and you knew it was it was
coming you just know how messed up kai
was to sit there and watch the whole
thing right I got a walk if you don't
mind
time for Greg's favorite segment clown
counter not that many this week only
three clowns three too many possibly
Serena was killed by three clowns we
were trying to figure out who was behind
each one of those masks Harrison we
think Kai of course and either winter IV
or meadow as the other one right there
mm-hmm
no meadow remember she has a skin cancer
so that's true she probably would not be
outside in the Sun when she's lying yeah
so it's either winter or ivy Ivy we're
looking at you girl what do you guys
think hit us up in the comments let us
know who you think is behind each mask
don't you think people should have to
pass some sort of test to earn the right
to vote do you think you'd pass it of
course not that's my point I love them
at the same time that line just gave me
chills
I feel like all of our favorite lines
are between these two Harrison and Mehta
mine was something that meadow said as
soon as she walked into the motel door
and finds Harrison cutting off his
boss's head just when I think my life
can't get any worse
who's that my boss time now for our most
up moments mine I know is her favorite I
know you love that moment I just I could
not stand Gary cutting off his own arm
I'm not into the self-mutilation I don't
really like those Saw movies I know I'm
sorry guys I just do is too much for me
I have to look away it just grosses me
out way too much I just after watching
Evil Dead and all these movies its fake
its fake
he's got the look away okay mine's got
to be the clowns this week the second
you can see one of them walking behind
Emma Roberts I was done [ __ ] I wanted to
leave the room they're really good
there's knives by the way they're all
like just like slicing you're up early
they got her heart somehow in the
background you can see one of them
holding the heart that's previous look
time now to talk about the winners of
the week Greg who is your winner for
episode 4 it I'm gonna take the guy you
always pick up a single week yeah it's
time I'm going with Kai yes he had a
good week but God he preys on the
fearful he's his plants coming together
he's got everybody on his side right now
it's crazy how well this is working and
also who knew he was so accomplished I'm
guy Anderson I'm 30 years old I was in
the Army I served a tour in Iraq came
home I graduated and three from yet with
a double degree and probably signed
feminist studies I have a brown belt in
karate I have a 135 IQ and I'm running
for City Council
Kai's a great pick I always pick them so
I had to go with Beverly I mean she got
a career back right
Serena's gone there's no more
competition she's doing all those field
reports now you know her and Bob might
not get along moving forward but also he
might not be around much longer if Kai
helps her out and together mer and Kai
are a pretty good team I believe in you
I believe in you too Beverly
okay and we got one last question of the
week Ryan what do you got for us - still
about Ali why what makes her so special
why is she like the last person to join
up with his cult it seems like Kai has
everyone on his side or slow leak
recruiting people why Ali and why
Ozzy there has to be some significance
between these two it can't just be that
she voted for Jill Stein and speaking of
Ali I have a question about Ivy right
now and again ivy winner they know each
other yeah what's the hold up here why
did she pick winter as the babysitter
yeah why not tell Ali that they had come
across each other before that maybe even
less he do it Gary yeah no scared that
like any fallout you know it happened
with Gary coming back to find them but
also anything that comes down to like
you said earlier is that Kai has gotten
to eiope before this and she's hiding
something even bigger from Ali than just
like the babysitter I used to know the
babysitter like there's something much
deeper here and I have a feeling that
next episode we're gonna learn some
crazy [ __ ] about ivy maybe a big boss
twist
maybe she's number one head honcho we
don't know yet that would be insane guys
thank you so much for watching with us
hit us up in the comments let us know
any theories you guys might have
who you think's behind all this is kaya
the number one or is someone else
working with him what about the
therapist
we saw him it looked like he voted for
Hillary but who knows what it was up to
if he's doing his own thing on the side
here with the clowns who knows let us
know what you guys think and we'll be
back next week for episode 5 I am
warning you this video is extremely
disturbing
the world isn't telling me it's show me
that's it hold in the blue stop
reporting fake news people aren't scared
enough your leaders will not protect you
I alone will bring these killers to
justice American Horror Story cults all
new Tuesday at 10:00 on FX and FX now